# Prediction-of-sales-price-of-real-estate-using-CRISP-DM-methodology
The era we are in now is one of the immense data called big data and it is characterized by volume, velocity, veracity, and variety. For an analysis of this big data, data science is pivotal. Data science is a pivotal tool for organizations, and it has been seen as a veritable asset for businesses. Data science has also been reputed to have immense application for business regardless of sector and it has been deployed to help gain insights into business operations. Data science has also been reputed to have immense application for business regardless of sector and it has been deployed to help gain insights into business operations. This report considered the real estate business using a CRISP-DM methodology. The real estate business is as old as human existence which is attributable to the need to provide shelter for inhabitants of the earth. Findings from the real estate business showed that the business is domiciled within Florida (Miami) and it 1 is close to a water body. Also, it was found that there is a positive correlation between some of the variables considered. The Linear regression model was deployed to examine the relationship between sales price and structure quality and it was found that there is positive relationship between the two variables (p&lt;0.05). from the linear regression, the r-squared was 0.14 (14%) while for the multiple regression, the r-squared was 0.76 (76%). From the logistic regression, the AIC is 438.07 which is the Akaike information criterion and it is applicable in evaluating how well a model fits the data Much more than that, other variables from the data sets were used in predicting sales price and this was also captured..
